fix: adhere to Vite `build.minify` setting when building service worker (#13143)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/rotten-cheetahs-complain.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: adhere to Vite config minify setting when building service worker

Author: ```suggestion
fix: adhere to Vite `build.minify` setting when building the service worker
```
